From today on,
For anything in the DPRK, you only need Xiang Zhenghui’s help.
There is no need to say that the Queen Mother will help. The Emperor is dead.
No king, king, king, king, king, king, king, king, king, king, king, king, king, king, king, king, king, king, king, king, king
king king king king king king king king king king king king king king king king king king king king king king king king king king king king king king king king king king king king king
king king king king king king king king king king king king king king king king king king king king king king king king king king king king king king
king king king king king king king king king king king king king king king king king king king king king king king king king king king king king king king king king king king king king king king king king king king king king king king king king king king king king king king king king king king king king king king king
Not disobedient words
I will definitely be obedient
That's not like that
I tell you
I can't change it in this life.
I'll do it
Not in the next life
I'm just a pornographic page now
What is not mentioned?
In this life, I am determined that you should leave.
Now you go sightseeing